Add ability to pass predefined result (#599)
yiisoft/validator: docs/guide/en/result.md

```

[Using keys containing separator / shortcut]: #using-keys-containing-separator--shortcut

## Predefined result

Sometimes you can have information about validation errors before validation process. In this case use predefined result

> and pass it to validator via parameter `ValidationContext::PARAMETER_PREDEFINED_RESULT` of validation context:

Reviewer: How about naming it ValidationContext::PREVIOUS_RESULT?

> Sometimes you can have information about validation errors before validation process. In this case use predefined result
> and pass it to validator via parameter `ValidationContext::PARAMETER_PREDEFINED_RESULT` of validation context:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you can have multiple stages of validation. For example, validating the raw data, normalizing it, validating normalized data. In these cases you need validation errors from previous step validation process. You can use predefined result
and pass it to validator via parameter `ValidationContext::PARAMETER_PREDEFINED_RESULT` of validation context:

```

Reviewer: This way intent is cleaner.

```php
use Yiisoft\Validator\Result;
use Yiisoft\Validator\Validator;
use Yiisoft\Validator\ValidationContext;

$predefinedResult = new Result();
$predefinedResult->addError('Invalid value.', valuePath: ['key']);

$context = new ValidationContext([
    ValidationContext::PARAMETER_PREDEFINED_RESULT => $predefinedResult,
])

> $result = (new Validator)->validate($model, context: $context);

Author: I considered this option. It's not work in this case:

```php
final class SimpleModel implements ValidatedModelInterface
{
    use ValidatedModelTrait;

    public function __construct(
        #[PreValidate(new Required())]
        #[Length(min: 3, skipOnError: true)]
        public string $a = '.',
        public string $b = '.',
        public string $c = '.',
    ) {
    }
}

$service->create(SimpleModel::class, data: []);
```

`skipOnError` options work incorrect, because validator not know about errors on prevalidation level.

> $result = (new Validator)->validate($model, context: $context);

Reviewer: OK. For `skipOnError`, indeed, order matters.
